hey YouTube what's going down it's Aaron
Jones coming off with a video on what to
saw at school now most of you guys
wanting to sell and score afraid of
getting in trouble because it is against
school rules but it's rule that's not
enforced is not a rule at all and that
rule of selling items in school was
never enforced at my school so I kept on
selling things and making money now if
teachers don't care that you're selling
stuff in school and it's fine just keep
on selling now how do you find out if
they care not is just buy start selling
stuff in school and if you start selling
your items in the school and teach your
seat then they don't care but if someone
comes up to you and says that's against
school rules you should not be selling
in the school just say I'm sorry I
wasn't underwear I was just trying to
make extra few bucks on the side once
you found out that teachers don't care
that you're selling within the school I
recommend buying wholesale meaning more
products cheaper price per unit and then
sell those and set up a whole new
operation now a lot of you guys have
been asking how do I sell my product in
school how do I get people to buy my
product well that's a very simple answer
and the answer is advertisement let's
say I have a really cool Power Balance
ban all I have to do is wear that around
school people start asking hey that's
cool Power Balance paid where'd you get
it all you have to say is oh yeah I can
sell you one for ten bucks that's all
you have to do because once you say I
can sell you one for ten bucks
their minds automatically interested in
that because that's a lower price and
they know it's in the stores because ten
dollars is a lot better deal than thirty
dollars and they'll buy that and you
just made a profit of what eight dollars
so that's a great deal for both people
and you guys are both happy and then
they wear their Power Balance band all
around school and people are like hey
where'd you get that and they're like oh
man yeah dude this is so dope I just got
it from Aaron Jones for ten bucks and
then all of their friends will go to you
then they advertise for you and then all
their friends go to you and then word
starts to spread like a wildfire that
Aaron Johnson says Power Balance is for
ten bucks go bomb i'm aaron jones and
you just made a great deal so that's
really how you sell yourself in school
is you sell into one kid everyone else
ask him where he got that they all go to
you you saw to them they go tell all
their friends and they come back to you
and then you just keep on dishing out
the product and that's very simple
that's all you have to do to sell stuff
at school now a few tips that go along
with selling in school is that you're
gonna have to have a decent product
you're gonna have to have good customer
service and you're gonna have to have
some products on you the reason you want
to have those three key rules when
running your business in school is so
that pee
come back to you now if you have a
decent product people will come back to
you and be like oh yeah that's a good
product you're selling a good product if
you sell a crappy product no one will
come back to you if you tell them that
you're gonna sell them a Power Balance
band tomorrow and you don't and they
have their money and you don't bring the
Power Balance till next week why would I
ever buy from them again
well it just doesn't make sense if you
gotta have you gotta have good product
treat people right let's just recap on
what we went over in this video on how
to sell things in school find out if
your teachers care or don't care if
you're selling in school if they don't
care keep on selling in school by
wholesale buy wholesale can you go to
Costco buy a lot of things for a cheaper
price per unit so that you can get more
money that goes in your pocket at the
end of the day once you have your
product
I suggest you wearing it around or using
it so that people can see that you have
it so you don't necessarily have to go
up to people and be like oh yeah I got
this I got this so I got this
it's that would just be really annoying
and I don't think it would be really
effective if you're just annoying people
instead of showing them that you have
the product so City you're selling candy
just have your candy bar out at your
desk and they're like oh yeah you got
M&Ms dude M&Ms are my favorite can i buy
that from you you'll be like hell yeah
buy for a buck and then you just made 50
cents you just gotta advertise and then
once they buy it they advertise for you
and you guys they don't even realize
that they're advertising for you and
helping your business out so once your
soda a few people people would just
start flowing in and if you're having
problems that leave a comment in the
comment section below I also want to
over having a good business in school so
don't have a crappy product have great
customer service and just treat the
customers right that's all you really
need to do is treat them right don't
treat you right their friends will come
to you and buy whatever you have if it's
such a good deal if it's worth the money
and if it's just such a good transaction
and they'll come back just trust them
here's a list of things I would sell
school and I want it some school things
I would zone school would be candy
anything that's gimmicky so anything you
make anything like the crocodile shoe
buttons if people wear them around
bracelets that you can make the baseball
necklace it is those are all great
things too so in school if you're
younger than eighth grade or even if
you're in high school now in high school
if you want to sell headphones if you
want to sell iPod accessories you want
to sell iPhone cases you want to sell
anything you want to sell shoelaces to
soccer players or
really anything anything that people
want so and that's what I do and I'm
gonna address something in my other
videos a lot of people are like so we'd
sell this I don't recommend selling
drugs or anything because it's under the
market the police can't be involved with
that and you can't like if you get
robbed you can't call the police and
tell them oh man I just got robbed of
$50 or $100 you can't do that and yes it
does make him good money and you can
sell it really well but I don't
recommend it just because you have no
protection against you and they can
really just rob you beat the crap out of
you and you won't get your money back or
anything so don't sell that and if
you're gonna sell it be smart don't sell
it on school grounds you will get caught
you'll have random to our searches do
not sell in school now that caps off the
video legit money-making site in the
description below go check that out it
is awesome also if you guys have any
questions leave them in the comment
section below as always my name is
philip defranco you've just been phill'd
in i love your faces and i'll see you
tomorrow
just kidding on we'll see you tomorrow
my name is not philip defranco and you
have not just been phill'd in you've
been arond in my name is Aaron Jones
peace out homey